Create Azure SDK BOM (#7807)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/bom/README.md

# Azure BOM for client libraries
The Azure BOM for client libraries provides a verified group of artifacts that are known to share a common dependency set. It provides a simple and elegant way to manage dependencies on multiple Azure client libraries.  

## Table of contents
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Adding the BOM to your project](#adding-the-bom-to-your-project)
  - [Adding libraries to your project](#adding-libraries-to-your-project)

## Getting started

### Adding the BOM to your project

> To consume the BOM add it as an artifact in the dependency management section of your project's POM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To consume the BOM include it in the `dependencyManagement` section of your project's POM. Note that this **does not** result in all dependencies being included in your project.
```

Author: Updated
